in this tutorial I will show you how to
change the the color of the graphics
area to a different color when you click
on or when you open corelcad the default
graphics area is black or if you create
a new drawing you're going to have a
black graphics area now to change the
graphics area to a different color you
just go to the center of the graphics
area and right mouse click and then go
to options so when you go to options
you're going to see this dialogue box
here and you go to System options and
then click on display and then you click
on the element color so in the element
color if you want your background of
your graphic area to be a different one
you choose model background right now it
says that it's black okay so if you want
to make it white on white and click on
apply and then click OK
and now the my graphics area is white
now when I create lines the lines would
be black so it would be similar to my my
sheet 1 and sheet to view which is
the paper space now let's say I want to
change this is the command window and I
want to change the my window background
color to black so it's also the same so
right mouse click click on options and
then go to system options and then click
on display element color and then you
click on or you choose command window
background which is this one which is
white the default is white so let's say
I want to make it black and then click
on apply and click
on okay so now as you can see the the
the command window is black now the
problem here the command window is that
we didn't change the color of the text
so we go back to our options and you go
to system's option click on display
element color and then click on command
window text see it's also black that's
why we can see the text don't make it
white or a different a lighter color so
just make it white click on apply and
click on OK and now your text here is
white now